Translator's note: 「釣り動画」 has 2 meanings
(1) Fishing Video
(2) Clickbait Video
So, for today
I caught some mackerel by jigging just before filming this, so
[ TL note: Jigging is a technique in fishing using a specific lure ]
I'd like to use them as live bait to catch some blueback fish!
It's pretty calm
And there's no birds flying so...
The expectancy for getting fish is quite low...
But I've already gone and taken time to prepare
So I'm going to catch a blueback fish no matter what !
Hmmm...
Maybe a little further out?
Hoi!
Oh oh!
Here it comes, here it comes!
I've got a bite!
Wait, wait... You ready?
And... Uryaa!
I've hooked it!
My line's really dragging... Wow!
For real, it's big, it's big!
What is this!!
Waah!
My line's all going out
Oh no, oh no, oh no...
Aaaaah
Hoisho~!
Alright!
I caught you ♡
Continues at the end →
We need more translators!
Join our discord for Ai-Chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Wolvenspud, ととと and For_Ultraplayers
What should I do for today's video...
Hm?
"Please catch me?"